Java Full Stack Developer - W2 only - ASCII Group LLC - Remote in Louisville, KY, US | Dice.com
ASCII Group LLC
Java Full Stack Developer - W2 only
Remote in Louisville, KY, US • Posted 1 day ago • Updated 1 day ago Contract W2
No Travel Required
On-site
$40 - $45/hr
Fitment Dice Job Match Score™
🔗 Matching skills to job...
Job Details
Skills
Java Developer
Java full stack
software Engineer
TypeScript
Vue.js
Node.js
GraphQL
.NET
JavaScript
Java
Summary
The following requirement is open with our client.
Title : Java Full stack Developer
Location : Louisville, KY/ Remote
Pay rate : $40 - $45/hr on W2
Duration : 6+ Months
Relevant Experience (in Yrs.): 8+yrs.
Role Description:
Must Have Technical/Functional Skills
&middot; Hands on Experience in Vue3Js, .NET, NodeJS (Mandatory)
&middot; Firm grasp of the JavaScript and TypeScript language and its nuances, including ES6+ syntax
&middot; Knowledge of object-oriented programming
&middot; Ability to write well-documented, clean JavaScript code.
&middot; Rock solid at working with third-party dependencies and debugging dependency conflicts.
&middot; Understanding of REST, GraphQL APIs, the document request model, and offline storage
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to translate complex standards into actionable guidance.
Thanks & regards,
Naveen Yarramsetty
Technical Recruiter | ASCII Group, LLC
Office:
Email:
38345 W. 10 Mile Rd, Ste.#365; Farmington, MI 48335
Website:
Employers have access to artificial intelligence language tools (“AI”) that help generate and enhance job descriptions and AI may have been used to create this description. The position description has been reviewed for accuracy and Dice believes it to correctly reflect the job opportunity. Dice Id: 10117479
Position Id: 8948706
Posted 1 day ago
Create job alert
Never miss an opportunity! Create an alert based on the job you applied for.
Create alert
Similar Jobs
Key Business Solutions, Inc.
Full Stack .Net Developer (Must- Node.js, Vue.js, Typescript/Rate:$36/hr on W2
Hybrid in Louisville, Kentucky
•
Today
Full Stack .Net Developer (Must- Node.js, Vue.js, Typescript/Rate:$36/hr on W2 Louisville, KY Duration: Long term JD: Design, develop, and maintain end to end full stack applications, covering user interface, backend services, and API integrations. Build rich, responsive, and reusable UI components using Vue.js, following modern frontend engineering best practices. Develop backend services and business logic using Node.js and .NET Core, ensuring scalability, reliability, and performance. Design
Easy Apply
Contract
Depends on Experience
ASCII Group LLC
Mobile Developer (Vue 3 + React Native)
Louisville, Kentucky
•
Yesterday
Hi,The following requirement is open with our client.Title:Frontend & Mobile Developer (Vue 3 + React Native)Location :Louisville, KY-OnsiteDuration : 12+ MonthsRate :$40-45/hr on W2Position : W2 PositionRelevant Experience (in Yrs.):Job Description: Hands on Experience in Vue3Js (Mandatory) Hands on Experience in Mobile Development using React Native. (Mandatory) Familiarity with native build tools, like XCode, Android Studio. Firm grasp of the JavaScript and TypeScript language and its nuanc
Easy Apply
Full-time
40 - 45
Humana Inc
Sr. FS Software Engineer - Hybrid
Remote or Louisville, Kentucky
•
Today
Become a part of our caring community Humana is seeking a Senior Full Stack Software Engineer - Information Marketplace team, responsible for building and enhancing the enterprise platform used to discover, understand, and access data across Humana&#x27;s information ecosystem. The Senior Full Stack Engineer performs software engineering activities in all layers of the stack, from setting up the database to programming in the back-end and the appearance at the front-end. The Senior Full Stack Enginee
Full-time
USD 106,900.00 - 147,000.00 per year
ASCII Group LLC
Full Stack Engineer
Remote
•
Yesterday
Role: Full Stack Engineer Client: TCS Locations: Louisville, KY (100% On-site)/ Remote Compensation: $46.21/hr (W2) Duration: 6 Months Position Overview We are seeking a highly skilled Full Stack Engineer with a heavy emphasis on modern frontend frameworks (Vue.js 3, React, Next.js) and mobile development via React Native. This role involves building clean, well-documented code within a complex ecosystem, utilizing Adobe AXP and modern API protocols like GraphQL and REST. Key Responsibilities *
Easy Apply
Full-time
Depends on Experience
Search all similar jobs
✕
Apply Now
