IT Senior Software Engineer (Guidewire/Java) - Erie Insurance Group - Erie, PA, US | Dice.com
Erie Insurance Group
IT Senior Software Engineer (Guidewire/Java)
Erie, PA, US • Posted 60+ days ago • Updated 11 hours ago Full Time
On-site
USD $86,954.00 - 138,899.00 per year
Erie Insurance Group
Fitment Dice Job Match Score™
🛠️ Calibrating flux capacitors...
Job Details
Skills
Higher Education
Life Insurance
Insurance
Supervision
Claims Management
Scrum
Java
Relational Databases
Project Management
SAP ERP
RDBMS
Agile
Collaboration
GOSU
SOAP
Cloud Computing
Guidewire
Software Development
Scripting
Testing
Integration Testing
FOCUS
IT Management
Production Support
Mentorship
Training
Innovation
Customer Focus
Integrated Circuit
Internal Communications
IC
Accountability
Information Management
Management Information Systems
Mainframe
Document Management
Data Science
Data Entry
Summary
Division or Field Office:
Service & Experience Technology Division
Department of Position: Claims Tech Department
Work from:
Corporate Office in Erie, Pa Salary Range:
$86,954.00 - $138,899.00 *
salary range is for this level and may vary based on actual level of role hired for
*This range represents a national range and the actual salary will depend on several factors including the scope and complexity of the role and the skills, education, training, credentials, location, and experience of an applicant, as well as level of role for which the successful candidate is hired. Position may be eligible for an annual bonus payment.
At Erie Insurance, you're not just part of a Fortune 500 company; you're also a valued member of a diverse and inclusive team that includes more than 6,000 employees and over 13,000 independent agencies. Our Employees work in the Home Office complex located in Erie, PA, and in our Field Offices that span 12 states and the District of Columbia.
Benefits That Go Beyond The Basics
We strive to be Above all in Service to our customers-and to our employees. That's why Erie Insurance offers you an exceptional benefits package, including:
Premier health, prescription, dental, and vision benefits for you and your dependents. Coverage begins your first day of work.
Low contributions to medical and prescription premiums. We currently pay up to 97% of employees' monthly premium costs.
Pension. We are one of only 13 Fortune 500 companies to offer a traditional pension plan. Full-time employees are vested after five years of service.
401(k) with up to 4% contribution match. The 401(k) is offered in addition to the pension.
Paid time off. Paid vacation, personal days, sick days, bereavement days and parental leave.
Career development. Including a tuition reimbursement program for higher education and industry designations.
Additional benefits that include company-paid basic life insurance; short-and long-term disability insurance; orthodontic coverage for children and adults; adoption assistance; fertility and infertility coverage; well-being programs; paid volunteer hours for service to your community; and dollar-for-dollar matching of your charitable gifts each year.
Position Summary
Designs, develops, and maintains computer software.
Provides technical leadership on small, moderately complex, low risk enhancement projects or support teams, with little supervision.
Delivers moderately complex code/configuration changes as part of a larger implementation under a moderate level of supervision in a primarily full-stack development environment including front-end, policy, integration, and cloud.
What You'll Do
This leading IT Software Engineer/IT Senior Software Engineer within the Claims Management Program will focus on delivering first time through projects or transformational new cloud capabilities to drive key business value. Will serve as the overarching technical lead for 3 Agile Scrum teams.
Preferred Experience & Skills
5+ years of advanced Java Programming experience and relational databases
Ability to lead projects independently as Technical Project Lead and proactively engage & drive collaboration with peer Erie ClaimCenter (ECC) Developers within the team
Engineering Best Practice expertise
Ability to mentor and coach others ECC Engineers
Understanding of relational database persistence
Agile development practices
Effective collaboration with different stakeholders
Maintaining and promoting a healthy codebase and ensuring high quality of product
Experience with multi-tiered web-based applications
Guidewire ClaimCenter Integration/Configuration experience
Knowledge and experience of Guidewire ClaimCenter
3+ years of Gosu programming language experience
Experience in designing REST and SOAP APIs
Preferred Guidewire certified - Configuration/Integration specialist or ACE Certified
What Makes You Stand Out
Experience working on Guidewire's Cloud Platform
Have ACE Guidewire certification in either Configuration or Integration
Experience leading other software engineers
Duties and Responsibilities
Generates, reviews and debugs code/configurations that contribute to a larger product.
Creates designs, unit tests, and code/configuration of that is reviewed and approved by a more senior engineer.
Executes tasks in the software development life cycle
Develops tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code
Automates tasks through appropriate tools and scripting
Performs validation and verification testing (unit and integration testing)
Communicates and collaborates openly and effectively across teams and vendors within their area of focus (practice area).
May perform as a technical lead on low complexity/isolated applications enhancements or a small, legacy production support team.
May coach and mentor programmers, apprentices, and interns.
The first two duties listed are the functions identified as essential to the job. Essential functions are those job duties that must be performed in order for the job to be accomplished.
This position description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the incumbent. Employees are required to follow any other job-related instruction and to perform any other duties as requested by their supervisor, or as become clear.
Capabilities
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Instills Trust
Decision Quality
Values Diversity
Nimble Learning
Customer Focus
Optimizes Work Processes (IC)
Ensures Accountability
Coding And Converting
Information Management Skills
Job-Specific Knowledge
Proofing Text And Numbers
Using Tables And Graphs
Qualifications
Minimum Educational and Experience Requirements
Bachelor's degree in IT, MIS, or related field and three years' related experience; or
Associate's degree in technical field, plus five years' related experience; or
High school diploma plus seven years' related experience
Additional Experience
Possesses moderate acumen with continued growth in experience, breadth, and depth in one or more of the following practice areas: front-end, full-stack, back-end, mainframe, integration, document management, or data science, required.
Designation and/or Licenses
Willingness to pursue a certification in one or more preferred technologies at ERIE required.
Physical Requirements
Lifting/Moving 0-20 lbs; Occasional ( Lifting/Moving 20-50 lbs; Occasional ( Ability to move over 50 lbs using lifting aide equipment; Rarely
Driving; Occasional ( Pushing/Pulling/moving objects, equipment with wheels; Rarely
Manual Keying/Data Entry/inputting information/computer use; Frequent (50-80%)
Climbing/accessing heights; Rarely
Nearest Major Market: Erie
Employers have access to artificial intelligence language tools (“AI”) that help generate and enhance job descriptions and AI may have been used to create this description. The position description has been reviewed for accuracy and Dice believes it to correctly reflect the job opportunity. Dice Id: nm14238
Position Id: 1286527200
Posted 30+ days ago
Company Info
About Erie Insurance Group
Erie Insurance (ERIE) is a Fortune 500 insurer founded in 1925, bringing over a century of stability while actively investing in modern technology and digital capabilities. ERIE serves more than 7 million policies across 12 states and Washington, D.C.
Technology teams at ERIE are focused on modernizing core systems, scaling data platforms and improving digital experiences that directly impact customers and agents.
Why Join
Modernization of enterprise platforms at scale
Direct impact on core business functions (claims, underwriting, customer experience)
Stable, long-term environment
Sustainable pace with real work-life balance
What You&rsquo;ll Work On
System modernization and application development
Data engineering and analytics
Cloud and infrastructure
Cybersecurity
Go to company profile
Create job alert
Never miss an opportunity! Create an alert based on the job you applied for.
Create alert
Similar Jobs
Erie Insurance Group
IT Senior Solutions Architect (Data)
Erie, Pennsylvania
•
Today
Division or Field Office: Corporate Enablement Technology Division Department of Position: Data Technology Department Work from: Corporate Office in Erie, Pa Salary Range: $109,074.00 - $174,235.00 * salary range is for this level and may vary based on actual level of role hired for *This range represents a national range and the actual salary will depend on several factors including the scope and complexity of the role and the skills, education, training, credentials, location, and experienc
Full-time
USD 109,074.00 - 174,235.00 per year
Erie Insurance Group
IT Senior Software Engineer (Performance Test)
Erie, Pennsylvania
•
Today
Division or Field Office: Enterprise IT Infrastructure & Operations Division Department of Position: Cloud Enablement Dept Work from: Corporate Office in Erie, Pa Salary Range: $97,388.00 - $155,567.00 * salary range is for this level and may vary based on actual level of role hired for *This range represents a national range and the actual salary will depend on several factors including the scope and complexity of the role and the skills, education, training, credentials, location, and exper
Full-time
USD 97,388.00 - 155,567.00 per year
Search all similar jobs
Apply Now