Java Full Stack Developer - Sincera Technologies, Inc. - Hybrid in NYC, NY, US | Dice.com
Sincera Technologies, Inc.
Java Full Stack Developer
Hybrid in NYC, NY, US • Posted 21 days ago • Updated 21 days ago Contract W2
Contract Corp To Corp
Contract Independent
Hybrid
Depends on Experience
Fitment Dice Job Match Score™
📊 Calculating match score...
Job Details
Skills
Java Full Stack Developer
Spring
Angular
React
Summary
Title : Java Full Stack Developer
Location : NYC, NY (Hybrid 3 days a week)
Employment type : C2C or full time
Location : NYC / NJ - Inperson first round interview is mandatory.
Technology
The ideal candidate should have the skills listed below but in addition should be a self-driven, dedicated individual who works well in a team and thinks and acts strategically. In addition, the candidate should respond well to change and quickly pick up new concepts in an ever-moving regulatory landscape. When faced with a problem, the candidate should be able to ask questions and leverage the skill set of those around him/her. Daily responsibilities include, transforming requirements into code, attending scrum meetings, reporting on project status, and learning our in-house frameworks and Java best practices.
Position Description:
We are looking for a strong java developer and help deliver key initiatives. The applicant should be a solid Java programmer, with strong design and implementation fundamentals. Prior experience in finance or legal operations will be useful, however, the ability and willingness to quickly master new technical and business concepts will be considered. The applicant will be working with an energetic team of highly intellectual and creative developers who work on bleeding edge projects using a variety of different technologies.
Skills Required:
7 to 15 years of hands-on experience on Java/JEE. Should be able to write optimized, efficient and clean code.
Strong Object-Oriented Programming and Design Pattern concepts with practical experience of leveraging the same during development.
Linux, Unix, Shell Scripting.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Candidate should be able to design and then implement solutions.
DevOps knowledge packaging and deploying web applications using Jenkins, Teamcity etc.
Team player with strong attitude and work ethics.
Strong oral and written communication skills. Candidate is expected to work with global teams and hence should be clear in both verbal and written communication.
Write unit tests that exercise all major logic components of the code.
Skill Desired:
JAVA 8+
Strong Database skills including PL/SQL and query tuning.
Spring/Spring Boot/Hibernate.
Layered Architecture, Component based Architecture.
Unix OS, Scripting, Python or Perl
Experience in development on other application types (Web applications, batch, or streaming)
Employers have access to artificial intelligence language tools (“AI”) that help generate and enhance job descriptions and AI may have been used to create this description. The position description has been reviewed for accuracy and Dice believes it to correctly reflect the job opportunity. Dice Id: 91135616
Position Id: 8929055
Posted 21 days ago
Create job alert
Never miss an opportunity! Create an alert based on the job you applied for.
Create alert
Similar Jobs
Motion Recruitment Partners, LLC
Senior Full Stack Java Developer
Jersey City, New Jersey
•
Today
Grow your career as a Senior Full Stack Java Developer with an innovative global bank in Jersey City, NJ. Contract role with strong possibility of extension and/or conversion. Will require working a hybrid schedule 2-3 days onsite per week. Join one of the world&#x27;s most renowned global banks and trusted brand with over 200 years of continuously evolving financial services worldwide. You will work alongside some of the smartest minds in the industry who are excited to share their knowledge and to
Easy Apply
Contract
$95 - $97
Swanktek Inc
Java Full Stack Developer with AI
New York, New York
•
27d ago
Job Description Key AI Skills: GitHub Copilot and Open AI LLM Models and Prompt Engineering. Job Functions/Duties and Responsibilities: Work closely with Product Owners, Business analysts and other IT partners located globally on day-to-day basis to ensure smooth delivery of projects Understand, follow, and ensure that system architecture and integration design standards are in alignment with broader platform strategies and business goals. Provide stable technical solutions which are robust an
Easy Apply
Contract, Third Party
Depends on Experience
Sensiple Inc.
Java Developer
New York, New York
•
Today
Sensiple Inc is a New Jersey corporation with over two decades of expertise in technology-driven solutions specializing in Customer Experience, Contact Centre Solutions, Digital Transformation, Cloud Computing & Independent Testing. With an expert team that has enriched experience in executing & developing sustainable IT strategies in Healthcare, Technology, Retail, Logistics, Education, Telecommunications, Government and Media, we help our diverse customers to envision the future. By developing
Easy Apply
Contract
Depends on Experience
TekShapers
Java Developer
Hybrid in New York, New York
•
14d ago
Employment type W2 Job Title JavaDeveloper Job Location New York Duration 12+ Months Experience level - Min. 12Years MandatorySkills Java, J2EE, Core Java, Angular, React, SpringJob DescriptionWe are looking for a technically proficient java developer that will work on creating new applications and enhancingexisting applications for the TC application team and work with global partners in business unit and Operations areas. The candidate will be involved in working on cutting edge technolog
Easy Apply
Full-time, Contract, Third Party
Depends on Experience
Search all similar jobs
✕
Apply Now